Add classification model MixNet-L (#1359)
openvinotoolkit/open_model_zoo: models/public/mixnet-l/README.md

# mixnet-l

## Use Case and High-Level Description
MixNets are a family of mobile-sizes image classification models equipped with MixConv,
a new type of mixed depthwise convolutions. There are three MixNet architectures -
`MixNet-S` (Small), `MixNet-M` (Middle), `MixNet-L` (Large). The main differences are using
MixConv with different kernel sizes and number of layers. Using `MixNet-L` allows to achieve greater accuracy.

> Use this [link](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.09595) to learn more about MixNet architectures.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Refer to original [article](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.09595) to learn more about MixNet architectures.
```

Author: Please see new version of `Use Case and High-Level Description`. Perhaps it is a better variant (suggested Aidova Ekaterina).

Reviewer: ok with small correction. Seems ImageNet dataset looks more appropriate than ImageNet image database

> `MixNet-L` was pretrained in TensorFlow\*.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
`MixNet-L` was pretrained in TensorFlow\* with ImageNet\* dataset.
```

> All the MixNet models have been pretrained on the ImageNet\* image database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
```

> Use this [link](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.09595) to learn more about MixNet architectures.
> `MixNet-L` was pretrained in TensorFlow\*.
> All the MixNet models have been pretrained on the ImageNet\* image database.
> For details about this family of models, check out the [TensorFlow Cloud TPU repository](https://github.com/tensorflow/tpu/tree/master/models/official/mnasnet/mixnet).

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
All the MixNet models have been pretrained on the ImageNet image database.
For details about this family of models, check out the [TensorFlow Cloud TPU repository](https://github.com/tensorflow/tpu/tree/master/models/official/mnasnet/mixnet) and [paper](https://arxiv.org/abs/1907.09595).
```

## Specification

| Metric            | Value         |
|-------------------|---------------|
| Type              | Classification|
| GFLOPs            | 0.565         |
| MParams           | 7.300         |
| Source framework  | TensorFlow\*  |

## Accuracy

| Metric | Original model | Converted model |
| ------ | -------------- | --------------- |
| Top 1  | 78.30%         | 78.30%          |
| Top 5  | 93.91%         | 93.91%          |

## Input

### Original Model

> Image, name - `image`,  shape - `[1x224x224x3]`, format is `[BxHxWxC]`, where:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image, name - `image`,  shape - `1, 224, 224, 3`, format is `B, H, W, C`, where:
```

- `B` - batch size
- `H` - height
- `W` - width
- `C` - channel

Channel order is `RGB`.

### Converted Model

> Image, name - `IteratorGetNext/placeholder_out_port_0`,  shape - `[1x3x224x224]`, format is `[BxCxHxW]`, where:

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Image, name - `IteratorGetNext/placeholder_out_port_0`,  shape - `1, 3, 224, 224]`, format is `B, C, H, W]`, where:
```

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - channel
- `H` - height
- `W` - width

Channel order is `BGR`.

## Output

### Original Model

Object classifier according to ImageNet classes, name - `logits`,  shape - `1,1000`, output data format is `B,C` where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - predicted logits for each class

### Converted Model

Object classifier according to ImageNet classes, name - `logits`,  shape - `1,1000`, output data format is `B,C` where:

- `B` - batch size
- `C` - predicted logits for each class

> 

Reviewer: add new common to all models section, before Legal Information

`
## Download a Model and Convert it into Inference Engine Format

You can download models and if necessary convert them into Inference Engine format using the [Model Downloader and other automation tools](../../../tools/downloader/README.md) as shown in the examples below.

An example of using the Model Downloader:
```
python3 <omz_dir>/tools/downloader/downloader.py --name <model_name>
```

An example of using the Model Converter:
```
python3 <omz_dir>/tools/downloader/converter.py --name <model_name>
```
`

Author: added

# mixnet-l

## Use Case and High-Level Description
MixNets are a family of mobile-sizes image classification models equipped with MixConv,
a new type of mixed depthwise convolutions. There are three MixNet architectures -
`MixNet-S` (Small), `MixNet-M` (Middle), `MixNet-L` (Large). The main differences are using
MixConv with different kernel sizes and number of layers. Using `MixNet-L` allows to achieve greater accuracy.

> All the MixNet models have been pretrained on the ImageNet image database.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
All the MixNet models have been pretrained on the ImageNet dataset.
```
